
idempotency: 
    hash (email+attachment) 
        use it as key for indexing both in raw storage in S3 and in processed storage in DynamoDB 

confidence score 
    field level confidence 

Mapping Layer:

    we need a mapping between an standard model we expect to get and an ERP system or whatver data destination will do . 

    also:
        can we define standard supported documents? 
            for example: 
                stocks
                delivery orders 
                invoices


first storage layer:

SES → S3 (raw email)

s3://bucket/{tenant_id}/{message_id}/
  ├── email.eml
  └── attachments/*


where the hell to 


--------------------------------------------------------------

1. Idempotency → no duplicate side effects
2. Queues → control flow, not just scaling
3. S3 raw storage → replayability
4. Confidence gating → avoid bad automation
5. Audit log → debuggability


-------------------------------------------------------------
REAL PAINS:

Textract cost / latency
    need somehow a feed back look and template generating
        so we can lower the costs of known documents. 
            the systems need to be eventually consistent 
            may be not consistent from scratch 
            it can have some sort of stagin area
                where we can replay processing tweaking parameters 
                    and feeding with some templates or somehting like that 
                        that could serve as a form of directing. 

    
    like populating a mapping table 
    
    or like how networks insert paths in their routing tables 
        
    - we need somehow a bootstrapping mechanism 
       where we teach the user how to extract the data 
        but in the bootstraping mechanism, we can be aided by the AI itself.. 

        not sure yet how are we going to do that
            what i do know is that this part is strogly dependant on theh ai 
                specigic algorithm itself and the document.

    
    the thing is that 
    1 client can have n documents of the same form, and onve everything is setup, he can benefit from the automation. 


parsing correctness

idempotency

multi-tenant isolation
    I dont care: plugin architecture 
    I can put an  event bridge with a rule and have one lambda per erp system. 
